---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vantage_business_metrics Data Source - terraform-provider-vantage"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vantage_business_metrics (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `business_metrics` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--business_metrics))

<a id="nestedatt--business_metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `business_metrics`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch_fields` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--business_metrics--cloudwatch_fields))
- `cost_report_tokens_with_metadata` (Attributes List) The tokens for any CostReports that use the BusinessMetric, the unit scale, and label filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--business_metrics--cost_report_tokens_with_metadata))
- `created_by_token` (String) The token of the Creator of the BusinessMetric.
- `datadog_metric_fields` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--business_metrics--datadog_metric_fields))
- `id` (String) The id of the BusinessMetric.
- `import_type` (String) The type of import for the BusinessMetric.
- `integration_token` (String) The Integration token used to import the BusinessMetric.
- `title` (String) The title of the BusinessMetric.
- `token` (String) The token of the BusinessMetric.

<a id="nestedatt--business_metrics--cloudwatch_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `business_metrics.cloudwatch_fields`

Read-Only:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) The dimensions used to pull specific statistical data for Cloudwatch metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--business_metrics--cloudwatch_fields--dimensions))
- `label_dimension` (String) The dimension used to aggregate the Cloudwatch metrics.
- `metric_name` (String) The metric name used to import Cloudwatch metrics.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace used to import Cloudwatch metrics.
- `region` (String) The region used to import Cloudwatch metrics.
- `stat` (String) The time aggregation function used to import Cloudwatch metrics.

<a id="nestedatt--business_metrics--cloudwatch_fields--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `business_metrics.cloudwatch_fields.dimensions`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--business_metrics--cost_report_tokens_with_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `business_metrics.cost_report_tokens_with_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `cost_report_token` (String) The token of the CostReport the BusinessMetric is attached to.
- `label_filter` (List of String) The labels that the BusinessMetric is filtered by within a particular CostReport.
- `unit_scale` (String) Determines the scale of the BusinessMetric's values within a particular CostReport.


<a id="nestedatt--business_metrics--datadog_metric_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `business_metrics.datadog_metric_fields`

Read-Only:

- `query` (String) The query used to import Datadog metrics.


