---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vantage_kubernetes_efficiency_reports Data Source - terraform-provider-vantage"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vantage_kubernetes_efficiency_reports (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `kubernetes_efficiency_reports` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes_efficiency_reports))

<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes_efficiency_reports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes_efficiency_reports`

Read-Only:

- `aggregated_by` (String) How costs are aggregated by. Possible values: idle_cost, amount, cost_efficiency.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time, in UTC, the report was created. ISO 8601 Formatted.
- `date_bucket` (String) How costs are grouped and displayed in the KubernetesEfficiencyReport. Possible values: day, week, month.
- `date_interval` (String) The date range for the KubernetesEfficiencyReport. Only present if a custom date range is not specified.
- `default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the KubernetesEfficiencyReport is the default report.
- `end_date` (String) The end date for the KubernetesEfficiencyReport. Only set for custom date ranges. ISO 8601 Formatted.
- `filter` (String) The filter applied to the KubernetesEfficiencyReport. Additional documentation available at https://docs.vantage.sh/vql.
- `groupings` (String) Grouping values for aggregating costs on the KubernetesEfficiencyReport. Valid groupings: cluster_id, namespace, labeled, category, label, label:<label_name>.
- `start_date` (String) The start date for the KubernetesEfficiencyReport. Only set for custom date ranges. ISO 8601 Formatted.
- `title` (String) The title of the KubernetesEfficiencyReport.
- `token` (String)
- `user_token` (String) The token for the User who created this KubernetesEfficiencyReport.
- `workspace_token` (String) The token for the Workspace the KubernetesEfficiencyReport is a part of.


