---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vantage_network_flow_reports Data Source - terraform-provider-vantage"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vantage_network_flow_reports (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `network_flow_reports` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_flow_reports))

<a id="nestedatt--network_flow_reports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_flow_reports`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The date and time, in UTC, the report was created. ISO 8601 Formatted.
- `created_by_token` (String) The token for the User or Team that created this NetworkFlowReport.
- `date_interval` (String) The date range for the NetworkFlowReport. Only present if a custom date range is not specified.
- `default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the NetworkFlowReport is the default report.
- `end_date` (String) The end date for the NetworkFlowReport. Only set for custom date ranges. ISO 8601 Formatted.
- `filter` (String) The filter applied to the NetworkFlowReport. Additional documentation available at https://docs.vantage.sh/vql.
- `flow_direction` (String) The flow weight of the NetworkFlowReport. Possible values: costs, bytes.
- `flow_weight` (String) The flow weight of the NetworkFlowReport. Possible values: costs, bytes.
- `groupings` (String) The grouping aggregations applied to the filtered data.
- `start_date` (String) The start date for the NetworkFlowReport. Only set for custom date ranges. ISO 8601 Formatted.
- `title` (String) The title of the NetworkFlowReport.
- `token` (String)
- `workspace_token` (String) The token for the Workspace the NetworkFlowReport is a part of.


