---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vantage_billing_rule Resource - terraform-provider-vantage"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vantage_billing_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `title` (String) The title of the BillingRule.
- `type` (String) The type of the BillingRule. Note: the values are case insensitive.

### Optional

- `amount` (Number) The amount for the BillingRule. Required for Charge and Credit rules. Example value: 300
- `apply_to_all` (Boolean) Determines if the BillingRule applies to all current and future managed accounts.
- `category` (String) The category of the BillingRule. Required for Charge and Credit rules.
- `charge_type` (String) The charge type of the BillingRule. Required for Exclusion rules.
- `end_date` (String) The end date of the BillingRule. ISO 8601 formatted.
- `percentage` (Number) The percentage of the cost shown. Required for Adjustment rules. Example value: 75.0
- `service` (String) The service of the BillingRule. Required for Charge and Credit rules.
- `sql_query` (String) The SQL query for the BillingRule. Required for Custom rules. Example value: UPDATE costs SET costs.amount = costs.amount * 0.95
- `start_date` (String) The start date of the BillingRule. ISO 8601 formatted.
- `start_period` (String) The start period of the BillingRule. DEPRECATED: use start_date instead.
- `sub_category` (String) The subcategory of the BillingRule. Required for Charge and Credit rules.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time, in UTC, the BillingRule was created. ISO 8601 Formatted.
- `created_by_token` (String) The token of the Creator of the BillingRule.
- `token` (String) The token of the billing rule


