---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vantage_business_metric Resource - terraform-provider-vantage"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vantage_business_metric (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `title` (String) The title of the BusinessMetrics.

### Optional

- `cloudwatch_fields` (Attributes) Cloudwatch configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloudwatch_fields))
- `cost_report_tokens_with_metadata` (Attributes List) The tokens for any CostReports that use the BusinessMetric, the unit scale, and label filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cost_report_tokens_with_metadata))
- `datadog_metric_fields` (Attributes) Datadog metric configuration fields (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--datadog_metric_fields))
- `forecasted_values` (Attributes List) The dates, amounts, and (optional) labels for forecasted BusinessMetric values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--forecasted_values))
- `values` (Attributes List) The dates, amounts, and (optional) labels for the BusinessMetric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

### Read-Only

- `created_by_token` (String) The token of the Creator of the BusinessMetric.
- `id` (String) The id of the business metric
- `import_type` (String) The type of import for the BusinessMetric.
- `integration_token` (String) The Integration token used to import the BusinessMetric.
- `token` (String) The token of the business metric

<a id="nestedatt--cloudwatch_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloudwatch_fields`

Optional:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) The dimensions used to pull specific statistical data for Cloudwatch metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloudwatch_fields--dimensions))
- `integration_token` (String) Integration token for the account from which you would like to fetch metrics.
- `label_dimension` (String) The dimension used to aggregate the Cloudwatch metrics.
- `metric_name` (String) The metric name used to import Cloudwatch metrics.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace used to import Cloudwatch metrics.
- `region` (String) The region used to import Cloudwatch metrics.
- `stat` (String) The time aggregation function used to import Cloudwatch metrics.

<a id="nestedatt--cloudwatch_fields--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloudwatch_fields.dimensions`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--cost_report_tokens_with_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cost_report_tokens_with_metadata`

Required:

- `cost_report_token` (String) The token of the CostReport the BusinessMetric is attached to.

Optional:

- `label_filter` (List of String) Include only values with these labels in the CostReport.
- `unit_scale` (String) Determines the scale of the BusinessMetric's values within the CostReport.


<a id="nestedatt--datadog_metric_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datadog_metric_fields`

Optional:

- `integration_token` (String) Integration token for the account from which you would like to fetch metrics.
- `query` (String) Datadog metrics query string. e.g. sum:aws.applicationelb.request_count{region:us-east-1}.rollup(avg,daily)


<a id="nestedatt--forecasted_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `forecasted_values`

Required:

- `amount` (Number)
- `date` (String)

Optional:

- `label` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Required:

- `amount` (Number)
- `date` (String)

Optional:

- `label` (String)


