---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vantage_dashboard Resource - terraform-provider-vantage"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vantage_dashboard (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vantage_dashboard" "demo_dashboard" {
  title         = "Demo Dashboard"
  date_interval = "last_month"
  widgets = [
    {
      settings         = { display_type = "chart" }
      widgetable_token = "rprt_a2846903070824f4"
    }
  ]
  workspace_token = "wrkspc_47c3254c790e9351"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `date_bin` (String) Determines how to group costs in the Dashboard.
- `date_interval` (String) Determines the date range in the Dashboard. Incompatible with 'start_date' and 'end_date' parameters.
- `end_date` (String) The end date for the date range for costs in the Dashboard. ISO 8601 Formatted. Incompatible with 'date_interval' parameter.
- `saved_filter_tokens` (List of String) The tokens of the Saved Filters used in the Dashboard.
- `start_date` (String) The start date for the date range for costs in the Dashboard. ISO 8601 Formatted. Incompatible with 'date_interval' parameter.
- `title` (String) The title of the Dashboard.
- `widgets` (Attributes List) The widgets to add to the Dashboard. Currently supports CostReport, ResourceReport, KubernetesEfficiencyReport, and FinancialCommitmentReport. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--widgets))
- `workspace_token` (String) The token of the Workspace to add the Dashboard to. Required if the API token is associated with multiple Workspaces.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time, in UTC, the Dashboard was created. ISO 8601 Formatted.
- `token` (String) The token of the dashboard
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time, in UTC, the Dashboard was created. ISO 8601 Formatted.

<a id="nestedatt--widgets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widgets`

Required:

- `widgetable_token` (String) The token of the represented Resource.

Optional:

- `settings` (Attributes) The settings for the DashboardWidget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--widgets--settings))
- `title` (String) The title of the Widget (defaults to the title of the Resource).

<a id="nestedatt--widgets--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widgets.settings`

Required:

- `display_type` (String)


